Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now in this lecture going to be looking at analyzing some more books.
But before we do that let's practice something from an earlier section of the book of a program to a
function called word count doesn't make it easier to deal with multiple books.
So what we have to do to move this all into a function well we first need to create a function.
Let's take this line out and replace it with the F word count.
And the problem we're going to parse it is filename.
There we go.
And as always with a function as we enter the description count the number of words in a file.
Here we go close that up.
So next we just remove the space here.
So try but what we need to do is meet a little bit of indentation so little a little bit like moving.
So that last indent this line content's gets indented.
Now except luck here gets indented one says our message and our print line.
Here we go and else gets indented words or number of words and our print OK there we go so we started
our function you see and and what we want to do now is we want to create a list of files that we want
one life.
So file names equals.
And let's just start with one.
Let's go cliff because we know we have that in the right location that T S T OK.
So for file name in file name so we know what all of this does in filenames.
Now let's call it a function word count.
And that's part of the file filename.
There we go.
OK so let's see what this does.
OK.
The output is the exact same.
There we are but let's here in our list of files given a new file.
And let's say if I had another classic book from Gottenburg dot org which could be Moby-Dick the T S
T.
Let's run it again.
Sorry to find Moby-Dick cannot be found.
And that's right because in my file structure here I don't have Moby-Dick.
So what we've done here now is we've moved the program from last lecture into a function called word
count.
We then down the bottom create a simple loop to count the words in antitax we want to analyze.
So Cliff Moby Dick and we've also called the error far not found error which helps the program to continue
on as if nothing happened.
Thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.